My passion for Astrophysics extends past the normal school curriculum and makes me ideally suited for a placement with the Nuffield foundation. I recently attended a show by Professor Brian Cox on cosmology, focused on the life cycle of the universe and structure of galaxies at different points in the life span of the universe. I was particularly interested in how the expansion of the universe is being affected by the mass within it, and how the universe would need to contain 10x the mass it does now in order for gravity to be able to overcome the power of the expansion caused by dark energy, leading to an event known as the “Big Crunch” and the possibility of a universe that goes through cycles of expanding and collapsing over and over again. This contrasts with our universe which seems to be dominated by the force of dark energy and, by looking at the differences in redshift of distant galaxies, the universe seems to be accelerating the rate it is expanding at. I found this talk fascinating and it has inspired me to want to more, leading me to extend my own understanding of these concepts and ideas. Allied to this I have recently completed an astronomy course on Brilliant.org to help bolster my knowledge of astronomy and gain a better understanding of the tools and techniques used by astronomers. During this course, I learnt about the use of the thermal emission spectrum of stars, Wien’s displacement and Stefan’s law. As a consequence of this course I was further able to develop my critical thinking and analytical ability to help me work through problems and come up with results. My interest in astrophysics has further developed through the “Seren Hub”, the Welsh governments programme for the most able sixth formers in Wales. I recently attended a lecture at a Hub event by Dr Paul Roche about how asteroids have affected the solar system and the threat they could pose to life on Earth. This explored the idea that an asteroid impact may be the reason for mercury’s reduced mantle sizes compared to its core, with 70% of its mass being in the iron core, compared with only 32% of the mass of Earth’s core. Some scientists believe it is the remains of a collision with a large planetary body in the early formation of the solar system. This demonstrated to me the chaotic nature of how the solar system formed and how the constant bombardment of the proto-planets in the solar system led to irregularities such as Mercury’s Mantle. This lecture helped me to apply logical thinking to understand why an object is the way it is, and what possible events in its history could have caused this to happen depending on the factors that it may have formed under or what events it may have gone through during its life time. I would be a good fit for a Nuffield research placement due to my utter dedication to, and love of, astrophysics, along with my tireless work ethic. I am highly adept at problem solving, but would like to gain greater experience of working as a part of an effective team of other like-minded individuals. I intend to pursue a career in this area: this placement will provide me with a great opportunity to develop the skills needed for my future career. However, the biggest factor in my favour is my absolute obsession with all aspects of astrophysics, along with my ability to work effectively with other highly motivated scientists.