It has long been a firmly held aspiration of mine to become a software engineer. With this in mind, I have elected to study Maths, Further Maths, Physics and Politics for further education. My aim, to become a software developer, would allow me to utilise my skills in Science and Maths and so realise a career that meets my interest in computer sciences. Maths has always intrigued me; its puzzle like nature presents a challenge to embrace and decipher. Taking part in UKMT challenges has served to further increase my love for maths and afforded me the opportunity to tackle increasingly more demanding problems which, I understand, is a crucial part of being a software engineer. I have a reasonable knowledge of Python from learning it in class and online on websites such as Codecademy. Maths has always intrigued me; its puzzle like nature presents a challenge to embrace and decipher. It is often seen as a subject of black and white, a question of an ultimate solution - a single, immutable conclusion. Indeed, it has these aspects, but the journey to solving a maths’ problem is about more than its solution. It is this discursive element and the possibilities that a maths’ questions sparks that has fostered my appreciation for maths. Taking part in UKMT challenges has served to further increase my love for maths and afforded me the opportunity to tackle increasingly more demanding problems. My part-time job at Kumon Maths has allowed me to see the subject from a different perspective and given me the challenge of explaining topics to younger students using creative methods which allow the topic to be accessible to learners. Embracing the challenges of leadership is one of my strongest skills. I am currently a Master Cadet with a rank of Corporal in the Air Training Corps, working towards the rank promotion of Sergeant. The ATC has improved my leadership skills significantly with training in becoming a junior non-commissioned officer. I was also a Senior Patrol Leader in Scouts, and involvement in this group prompted my interest in computer science as a career option, due to the networking skills garnered from numerous computer courses. I have been the representative of my form for four consecutive years at in-house council meetings, which necessitates my involvement in school decision making processes, such as planning the building of a new coffee shop and designing the extension of the changing rooms for boys and girls. Attending a research experience with Nuffield Research Placements would benefit me massively as it would allow me to gain skills specific to the maths and computer science industry as well as the employability skills required for real-life work. It would also increase my knowledge of the computer science industry, allowing me to make better informed decisions about future career choices. I think that I can make a positive contribution to the project because I have participated in similar activities to this within a work experience placement in Arup Engineering. This placement would benefit me massively as it would allow me to mature as a student because of the responsibility and the initiative I would have to take. I feel that I can work as part of a team very well because of numerous challenges that require excellent teamwork skills, for example parts of the WBACC qualification and Duke of Edinburgh require a high ability to work as part of a team and the ability to take instructions and carry them out. I am very comfortable working individually, I can plan and organise tasks that are needed to be done and I can adapt accordingly with the environment in which I work in. I can act proactively and with integrity. My leadership qualities allow me to take responsibility and initiative for my actions, this is something that I can do very well. Balancing my studies with extra-curricular activities has proved to be both challenging and enjoyable and taught me to use my time efficiently. I play volleyball and basketball regularly, and also play the violin to grade 5 level. I have completed my Bronze Duke of Edinburgh; an inspiring experience which improved both my independent decision making and team work skills. Throughout the two days of the Duke of Edinburgh expedition we covered a distance of 30km. The team faced many challenges that tested our perseverance and co-operation and secured completion of the expedition. I have also volunteered at my local library for six months, completing tasks such as locating resources for visitors, stock-takes and taking note of new book arrivals. This opportunity improved both my skills in self-confidence and organisation. I was also given the chance to plan and deliver the Easter activities for young children which proved to be an enjoyable challenge. I am driven by a yearning to understand. This, together with my determination, gives me assurance that I will benefit greatly from this work experience placement.