I carry a highly enthusiast attitude towards Science and maths, showing a large interest within the sector from a young age. I thrive in a learning community, regularly wanting to learn. Growing up, I was surrounded and constantly inspired by the research and information around me - exceedingly contributing to my enthusiasm for the area. From simply researching the effects of a drug on the human body to using technology to aiding training for medical students using technology. From the simplest of issue from learning a simple topic in class, then going onto researching it in depth and learning there is always a deeper reason to a issue within science, is where my level of motivation towards the subject comes from. My enthusiasm towards science is highlighted by me achieving full UMS in GSCE science, and also achieving pupil of the Key Stage in Science in Year 11. Due to the fact that science is a subject that is constantly expanding, it highly interests me and makes me very curious. I have a high interest in the current news in biology and chemistry, growing from reading articles surrounding the issue regarding medical research ranging to how new compounds are being formed with properties which could be used in areas therefore creating endless possibilities. This aspect of science highly interests me as new things can be discovered everyday, and new species an form any second, hence the array of possibilities are very interesting. Through already participating in a small amount of research within the NASA research project, I gained a large amount of knowledge from this hence driving me to participate in other research projects as they allow you to physically research instead of reading books. I would tremendously benefit from a research placement as although I am proficiently confident in the carrier paths I would like to take, the research placement would also give me a large insight into the lab section of high level research, which could have a impact on my decision. From partaking in simple experiments within the college lab, I had a large range of questions for why the process occur the way they do, which is one key factor in wanting to partake within the research placement as I will be very interested in the topic I am researching. Through Volunteering in a Charity Shop, it taught me how to work as a team, and also gave me a large insight into what it was like helping people of all ages, from little children to elderly people needing to purchase a item. Furthermore, my ability to work as part of team was also developed while playing rugby for 3+ years, going to Germany and Belgium on tour as a team so high levels of teamwork had to been shown and was developed. I am also interested in Computing, I know a wide range of programming languages from Python to using Javascript in Node-js. One aspect I am researching now is the use of wide range programming languages to solve complicated algorithms within Chemistry and Maths. This ranges from solving probability using the elementary statical table using javascript math functions to researching building interactive virtual environments for simulated training in medicine using VRML and javascript. This is a area where computing immensely interests me, hence why it is my fourth choice to study on my placement, where I can integrate computing with solving math problems all the way to using it to provide a safer environment to train medical students.. As for benefits, this will eminently benefit me within any of the 4 subjects in the research placement. It teaches you to problem solve by breaking a difficult problem into many more solvable problems which vastly aid you with devoting a solution for the problem. This shows a large level of commitment, persistence and initiative into not give up when you face a issue which is difficult to solve. Researching either of the 4 options, will help me to deepen my knowledge of the human body, or finding out different variables with may effect a organisms or a reaction, which will especially providing me with the skills necessary to work in a medical research environment or within a lab situation, also hardening my skills for reports, but most importantly hard-work and decimated research into a difficult topic where I could learn a wide variety of issues. It is a wonderful opportunity for me and it will aid me in discovering my interests and setting me up for life long learning.